# Course Summary
500-1000 words: Summarize what this course has meant to you so far. Discuss both the technical content as well as readings and discussions. You may discuss with each other but each one of you should write your own summary

Overall, I have enjoyed this course so far. I find the readings and the discussions very engaging and interesting. Also, I really like the fact that there are no right or wrong answers in various topics we explore because these things are being discussed right now in the real world! Kudos to everyone who also brings in real life news articles to our discord channels for further insight. It makes the class feel more real and relevant to every day experiences.

Also, I am a big fan of the presentations. I love that we all get to propose a topic we want to explore and make amazing presentations with such thoughtful questions. It gives a lot of agency to the students, and this class really shines when the students take the wheel, and the professor observes and actively contributes as a member, which I think has been done beautifully so far.

Finally, I liked the balance of readings and videos. There is a lot of media content that we leveraged (e.g. Star Trek, Black Mirror, The Social Dilemma), and not only is it sometimes a nice break from readings, but it goes to show different ways of how society has been, and is still, holding conversations around these topics. Even within the readings, I liked the balance between the more fiction/pleasure readings and more academic readings.

Having said that, I must express some disappointment in that this was not what I expected this course. Now, looking back, I am glad that it was a reading/discussion oriented class, but as a Computer Science major, I needed to take an IM elective that falls under the Computational Media category, and I don't think this was computational-oriented at all. If this class were listed as a different category (Media Design and Thinking perhaps), then I think my expectations would have been different, and they would have been met above and beyond.

Even though this course was trying to be computational-oriented, especially in the beginning, I felt like it was very disconnected to what we were discussing in class. I felt like we were talking and discussing very abstract concepts, such as cultural robotics and robots and religion, etc., but they weren't (and perhaps cannot be) transferred into computational aspects of the code. I found the concept of trying to replicate group psychology of ecology into code, and I really enjoyed such assignments. But then, I feel like the discussion should be about that as well?

I think what I am trying to get at is that especially in the first half, the technical aspect and discussion aspect felt very disconnected (intentionally or unintentionally). Maybe this was due to the fact that everyone had different coding backgrounds, so we can't all do the same thing at the same pace, but rethinking the aspects we want to focus on would be helpful for future semesters. I think in the second half, we sort of let go of the technical aspects and let the student reading discussions / presentations be the entire lecture, and I am personally in favor of that.
